[FLINK-38902][docs] Add user instructions and usage documentation for FLIP-487 (#28003)
apache/flink: docs/content/docs/deployment/elastic_scaling.md

The [limitations of Adaptive Scheduler](#limitations-1) also apply to Reactive Mode.

## Rescale History

Before Flink 2.3, users and developers were unable to inspect the internal details of Adaptive Scheduler rescaling history,
causing operational inconvenience.
For instance, users need visibility into specific resource changes, parallelism adjustments,
and the time spent on each internal state transition during the rescaling process.
This information is crucial for tuning parameters to achieve lower latency and higher stability in rescaling.

Therefore, Flink community introduced <a href="https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/x/TQr0Ew">FLIP-495</a> to support recording and storing rescaling history,

> and <a href="https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/x/vZCMEw">FLIP-487</a> to enable querying via the REST API and displaying this history on the Web UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, Flink community introduced [FLIP-495](https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/x/TQr0Ew) to support recording and storing rescaling history,
and [FLIP-487](https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/x/vZCMEw) to enable querying via the REST API and displaying this history on the Web UI.
```

Nothing against the anchor tags, but this seems more cleaner and more used in the docs. Anchors are also used in a few places.

### The Information and Style About Rescale History

Since Flink version 2.3, a page for displaying `Rescales` has been introduced in the Web UI, 

> positioned at the same hierarchical level as the `Checkpoints` page and featuring a likely style.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
positioned at the same hierarchical level as the `Checkpoints` page and featuring a similar style.
```

This primarily includes the following sub-pages:

> - `Overview`:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Overview`
```

> - `Rescales/Overview`:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Overview`:  
```

We could let go of `Rescales/` because we have mentioned the are subpages. Also for the others in the list. Not very strong on this, you can choose which look apt.

>   This sub-page displays recent rescale records across various rescale terminal state, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This sub-page displays recent rescale records across various rescale terminal states, 
```

  along with fundamental job rescale statistics—such as the total number of rescales since job startup and the counts of failures or successes. 
  Additionally, the page supports the display of detailed rescale information.

> - `Rescales/History`  

Reviewer: @RocMarshal Can you implement the suggestion for removing the substructure if done for Overview for others as well.

Author: Thanks @spuru9  
Updated.

  This sub-page displays abbreviated information for the most recent `n` rescale records based on configuration. 
  Additionally, the page supports the display of detailed rescale information as outlined below:
    - The basic information of the target rescale.
        - Rescale UUID: The unique ID in a rescale consists of 32 hexadecimal characters
        - Attempt ID: The number ID of a rescale attempts that occurred under the same resource requirements
        - Requirements ID: The unique ID of resource requirements consists of 32 hexadecimal characters

>         - Trigger Cause: The reason that triggers the target rescale

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Trigger Cause: The reason that triggered the target rescale
```

        - Terminal State: The end state of the target rescale
        - Terminated Reason: The reason for the completion or termination of the target rescale
        - Start Time: The start time of the target rescale.
        - Duration: Duration from the start of the rescale to its completion or until now
        - End Time: The end time of the target rescale.
    - The basic attributes and rescale change per `Job Vertex`
        - ID: The unique ID of target JobVertex consists of 32 hexadecimal characters
        - Name: The short name of target vertex

>         - Slot Sharing Group ID:The unique ID of the slot sharing group consists of 32 hexadecimal characters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Slot Sharing Group ID: The unique ID of the slot sharing group consists of 32 hexadecimal characters
```

        - Previous Parallelism: The previous parallelism of target vertex before the current rescale

>         - Acquired Parallelism: The acquired parallelism of target vertex after the current rescale

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Previous Parallelism: The parallelism of target vertex before the current rescale
        - Acquired Parallelism: The parallelism of target vertex after the current rescale
```

        - Sufficient Parallelism: The minimal parallelism of target vertex to run
        - Desired Parallelism: The desired parallelism of the target vertex.
    - The basic attributes and rescale change per `Slot Sharing Group`
        - Slot Sharing Group ID: The ID of the slot sharing group to which the slot belongs consists of 32 hexadecimal characters

>         - Slot Sharing Group Name:The name of the slot sharing group to which the slot belongs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Slot Sharing Group Name: The name of the slot sharing group to which the slot belongs
```

        - Previous Slot: The previous number of slots before the rescale

>         - Acquired Slot: The acquired number of slots after the rescale

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Previous Slot: The number of slots before the rescale
        - Acquired Slot: The number of slots after the rescale
```

        - Desired Slot: The desired number of slots of the rescale
        - Sufficient Slot: The minimal number of slots to deploy tasks in the rescale
        - Request Profile: The request resource profile of the slot sharing group in the rescale
        - Acquired Profile: The acquired resource profile of the slot sharing group in the rescale
    - The internal `Scheduler State History` of `Adaptive Scheduler` within a rescale
        - State: The scheduler state name
        - Enter Time: The time to enter the state
        - Leave Time: The time to leave the state

>         - Duration: The duration time from enter time to leave time of the state

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Duration: Time spent in the state (Leave Time − Enter Time)
```
Little tautological

        - Exception: The exception information about current rescale within the state
- `Summary`  
  This sub-page displays the total number of rescale events that have occurred since the job was launched,
  along with the respective counts of failures and successes. 
  Additionally, it provides statistical summaries of the rescale history, 
  such as rescale duration statistics categorized by rescale status, including `Min`, `Max`, `Avg`, and `P50` metrics, etc.
- `Configuration`  
  This sub-page displays the relevant parameter values used by the Adaptive Scheduler during rescaling operations for the current streaming job.

> ### How to use it

Reviewer 2: This section is so short that we could add the reference to the configuration in the intro of the `Rescale History` section. WDYT? ...probably as a 3rd paragraph

> You can enable rescale history for stream jobs with the Adaptive Scheduler enabled by setting the following configuration item to a positive integer.

Reviewer 2: Should we also mention that a negative value or 0 disables the feature?

This value indicates the number of recent rescale records retained for the job.

> - `web.adaptive-scheduler.rescale-history.size`: `4`

Reviewer 2: We could make this parameter clickable and link it to the corresponding entry in the configuration docs: `http://localhost:1313/flink/flink-docs-master/docs/deployment/config/#web-adaptive-scheduler-rescale-history-size`

### More details

> See the <a href="https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/x/TQr0Ew">FLIP-495</a> and <a href="https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/x/vZCMEw">FLIP-487</a> for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [FLIP-495](https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/x/TQr0Ew) and [FLIP-487](https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/x/vZCMEw) for more details.
```

You can enable rescale history for stream jobs with the Adaptive Scheduler enabled by setting the following configuration item to a positive integer.
This value indicates the number of recent rescale records retained for the job.

- [`web.adaptive-scheduler.rescale-history.size`]({{< ref "docs/deployment/config" >}}#web-adaptive-scheduler-rescale-history-size): `4`

The default value of the configuration option is `0`. When the configuration value is less than or equal to `0`, this feature will be disabled.

### The Information and Style About Rescale History

Since Flink version 2.3, a page for displaying `Rescales` has been introduced in the Web UI, 
positioned at the same hierarchical level as the `Checkpoints` page and featuring a similar style.
This primarily includes the following sub-pages:

- `Overview`  
  This sub-page displays recent rescale records across various rescale terminal states, 
  along with fundamental job rescale statistics—such as the total number of rescales since job startup and the counts of failures or successes. 
  Additionally, the page supports the display of detailed rescale information.

- `History`  

>   This sub-page displays abbreviated information for the most recent `n` rescale records based on configuration. 

Reviewer 3: In this part, while most people might already know this, how about changing it to be more explicit, like:

```suggestion
  This sub-page displays abbreviated information for the most recent rescale records (up to the configured `web.adaptive-scheduler.rescale-history.size` limit).
```

I think it makes the configuration key more visible and easier to reference for users who may not be familiar with it.

      - <u>Sufficient Parallelism</u>: The minimal parallelism of the vertex that would have allowed the rescale operation to go through even if the desired parallelism wasn't possible to be reached.
      - <u>Desired Parallelism</u>: The desired parallelism of a `Job Vertex` that was specified in the initial change request that triggered the rescale operation.
    - The basic attributes and rescale change per `Slot Sharing Group`
      - <u>Slot Sharing Group ID</u>: The UUID of the `Slot Sharing Group` to which target slot belongs.
      - <u>Slot Sharing Group Name</u>: The name of the `Slot Sharing Group` to which the slot belongs.
      - <u>Previous Slot</u>: The number of slots before the rescale.
      - <u>Acquired Slot</u>: The number of slots after the rescale.
      - <u>Desired Slot</u>: The desired number of slots of the rescale.
      - <u>Sufficient Slot</u>: The minimal number of slots to deploy tasks in the rescale.
      - <u>Request Profile</u>: The request resource profile of the `Slot Sharing Group` in the rescale.
      - <u>Acquired Profile</u>: The acquired resource profile of the `Slot Sharing Group` in the rescale.

>     - The internal [`Scheduler State History`](https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=173083547#FLIP160:AdaptiveScheduler-Statemachineofthescheduler) of `Adaptive Scheduler` within a rescale

Reviewer 2: The link is not pointing to the Scheduler State History, so the link text might be misleading. Rather add something like
> (see [AdaptiveScheduler states in FLIP-160](https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=173083547#FLIP160:AdaptiveScheduler-Statemachineofthescheduler) for further details)

Reviewer 2: nit: We can also call it `AdaptiveScheduler` rather than `Adaptive Scheduler` because that's the actual component's name
